[breaking] Implementation of sketch profiles (#1713)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/sketch-project-file.md

- `<PLATFORM_VERSION>` is the target core platform version required.
- `<3RD_PARTY_PLATFORM_URL>` is the index URL to download the target core platform (also known as “Additional Boards
  Manager URLs” in the Arduino IDE). This field can be omitted for the official `arduino:*` platforms.
- `<PLATFORM_DEPENDENCY>`, `<PLATFORM_DEPENDENCY_VERSION>`, and `<3RD_PARTY_PLATFORM_DEPENDENCY_URL>` contains the same
  information as `<PLATFORM>`, `<PLATFORM_VERSION>`, and `<3RD_PARTY_PLATFORM_URL>` respectively but for the core
  platform dependency of the main core platform. These fields are optional.
- `libraries:` is a section where the required libraries to build the project are defined. This section is optional.
- `<LIB_VERSION>` is the version required for the library, for example, `1.0.0`.
- `<USER_NOTES>` is a free text string available to the developer to add comments.

A complete example of a `sketch.yaml` may be the following:

```
profiles:
  nanorp:
    fqbn: arduino:mbed_nano:nanorp2040connect
    platforms:
      - platform: arduino:mbed_nano (2.1.0)
    libraries:
      - ArduinoIoTCloud (1.0.2)
      - Arduino_ConnectionHandler (0.6.4)

>       - TinyDHT sensor library (1.1.0)

Author: Yes, it's optional, I forget to specify it.

  another_profile_name:
    notes: testing the limit of the AVR platform, may be unstable
    fqbn: arduino:avr:uno
    platforms:
      - platform: arduino:avr (1.8.4)
    libraries:
      - VitconMQTT (1.0.1)
      - Arduino_ConnectionHandler (0.6.4)
      - TinyDHT sensor library (1.1.0)

  tiny:
    notes: testing the very limit of the AVR platform, it will be very unstable
    fqbn: attiny:avr:ATtinyX5:cpu=attiny85,clock=internal16
    platforms:
      - platform: attiny:avr@1.0.2
        platform_index_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/damellis/attiny/ide-1.6.x-boards-manager/package_damellis_attiny_index.json
      - platform: arduino:avr@1.8.3
    libraries:
      - ArduinoIoTCloud (1.0.2)
      - Arduino_ConnectionHandler (0.6.4)
      - TinyDHT sensor library (1.1.0)

  feather:
    fqbn: adafruit:samd:adafruit_feather_m0
    platforms:
      - platform: adafruit:samd (1.6.0)
        platform_index_url: https://adafruit.github.io/arduino-board-index/package_adafruit_index.json
    libraries:
      - ArduinoIoTCloud (1.0.2)
      - Arduino_ConnectionHandler (0.6.4)
      - TinyDHT sensor library (1.1.0)
```

### Building a sketch

> When a `sketch.yaml` file exists in the sketch, it can be leveraged to compile the sketch with the `--profile/-m` flag
> in the `compile` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a sketch project file is present, it can be leveraged to compile the sketch with the `--profile/-m` flag in the
`compile` command:
```

Follow up on the decision made via my previous suggestion that the thing always be referred to as "sketch project file" except in contexts where we are talking about a file path.
